yo
hey
what's going on everybody good morning
good afternoon good evening no matter
where you're coming from hope you all
are doing
well bangers only indeed hey what's
going on everybody welcome in welcome in
what do we got a night tonight
let's go
everybody in here
how's it going everybody how's it going
welcome in welcome in
hope you're all doing well i hope you
all had a good day
what's going on everybody get in here
get in here
know how we like to do get on in here
alrighty so
a couple big things today
all right a couple big things today
today will be a short stream uh we're
not gonna be on stream for that long
because tonight
we're networking baby that's right we're
networking so
george stream
we're gonna get everybody on the same
page
we're gonna get people feeling okay
about the idea of maybe networking for
the first time some for some of you this
might be your first networking event
and so we're gonna try it
we're gonna we're gonna hope that the
platform we use doesn't burn to the
ground because we've done it to a few
other platforms before
but we're gonna come together tonight
we're gonna talk about networking we're
going to talk about your introduction
the the very beginning of
of the class right like sorry the very
beginning of networking like starting
from the begin from the basics told you
all i'm going to help you every step of
the way we're going to cover the basics
tonight we're literally talking about
your introduction i think that's where
the biggest source of fear
that little creep of anxiety comes in is
literally just how do you start
conversations right so we're going to
start that tonight together
uh the tweet for tonight if you haven't
checked in yet you can always do
actually check in or just if you're on
twitter you'll you'll see my tweet
i said
no new friends i didn't want to use any
hashtags i didn't want to use anything
that might bring new folks in because
they don't know what we're about right
and so i wanted it just to be us
going into the networking session so no
new friends for tonight we'll get new
friends on thursday but for tonight just
us good old 100 devs right
as always i always like to start off
class with uh with our questions you
know let's start off with the question
and so tonight's first question
is would you rather
infinite weightless pockets like pockets
that are on your pants
or an infinite weightless closet so why
do i have to throw weightless in there
because if if you have a bunch of stuff
in your pockets you might like start to
not be able to move right and if you put
too much stuff in your closet like it
might crash into the ground um so
infinite pockets
or infinite closet
a lot of people stay in pockets so
this is one of those ones where the more
i think about it the more i i kind of
like if you had infinite pockets
how easy is it to search through your
pockets
or maybe like you don't go overboard
maybe just like carry like all this
stuff that would go in the backpack you
can throw in your pockets i don't know
right
it's a little it gets a little odd right
infinite closet maybe it's a walk-in
closet and i could always be able to get
to my stuff i don't this is a hard one
i feel like i'm i i'm a one bagger i
like to travel with just one backpack so
for me infinite pockets would be uh the
dream come true i'm going infinite
pockets i was close to i was close to
closet i was very close to closet but
the last second i'm switching the
pockets
usually we got either or either or
how heavy are the pockets they're
weightless that's the caveat they're
weightless
all right folks thank you for always
amusing me uh with your answers to these
silly questions at the beginning i i
really do like seeing people's answers
to these questions
it's a good way to kind of see how
people think um
but i was like start off with some
questions so regular questions for
tonight uh questions about things you
might have coming up i'm happy to answer
a few questions as we let folks get in
here for tonight
remo is giving me trouble don't worry
we'll get there later on
what do you think of the stream deck i
just watched linus's videos on it i was
actually watching this right before
stream um i'm i'm amped
i really i really like the idea of a
stream deck i think it's gonna it's
gonna be a game changer i think this
would be okay i think it's gonna be way
bigger than people are planning i think
it's gonna be big
we broke remo already maybe i think as
people are kind of like signing up it
might be a little extra pressure but we
separated it to like six different rooms
we'll see how it goes
can we do the 15 minutes of pain
together we're going to do that on
thursday together yeah on thursday we're
going to go over that stuff together um
i so people ask like um
i'll actually explain this in a few
seconds but
people said study groups yes today is
your last day to sign up for the study
communities uh
google forms went down over the weekend
google forms went down trash dev hey
thank you for the raid hope you're doing
well
hope your stream went well thanks for
bringing the crew over
how was your stream
thank you for bringing everybody by
trash death we gotta bring it back
soon as soon as we see you live one of
these days we're gonna come right back
hope you're doing well
yeah so the so for for folks that are
coming from trash dev we we are
doing a 30-week software engineering
bootcamp uh to normally we do classes
every tuesday and thursday uh tonight is
our networking night and so it's it's
it's gonna be a short stream and then
we're jumping on a different platform to
do a networking event just to get folks
comfortable with the idea of networking
right
as folks progress through our boot camp
aka starting next week they have to have
three network connections and two coffee
chats and so we start practicing that
tonight
uh trash i hope your stream went well
thanks for bringing everybody bye
cool
uh so we were talking about this idea of
oh the study communities so google forms
went down over the weekend
um and so
when it went down we got like a lot of
messages so you have until to end the
day today basically until let's say
after normal class time tonight and then
we're kind of locking down the form if
you need the form it's on follow along
materials channel i'll bring it up on
the slides as well in a few seconds
but then we're going to start adding
folks and we're gonna specifically add
the
um location groups first um because some
folks might wanna do their own type of
networking right uh that they might be
able to join us live right now because
they're in a different part of the world
and so we're going to fill out those
first you're going to start seeing folks
get added to those soon
we tried everything underneath the sun
to mass add roles it's just i don't
think it's possible in discord
so myself and the valiant mods have
stepped up we're going to add people
manually to roles which is going to take
us a long time but we're going to slowly
do it over this week so you should start
seeing people get added to study
communities
as early as tomorrow and then it's just
going to be rolling as we have time
we're going to keep adding folks so
hopefully by this time next week we have
everyone in their study communities and
it's going well
yeah there's a lot of bots we tried none
of them just did it well or did it
consistently and so
rip let's just let's just get it done
yeah always hey shout out to the mods
they do way more than y'all ever will
know
uh they're in the muck
they're they're the front line when it
comes to
um
making sure this community stays the
community that we all love right so
always a big shout out to the mods
let's get into it
so tonight we're going to talk about how
to network we're going to cover one of
the biggest things which is the
introduction and then we're going to try
doing a networking night we're going to
talk all about it how to do it how to be
involved in it and we're going to talk a
little bit about the homework because
we're getting an extension so we've
extended the homework deadline until
next tuesday and i'm going to talk about
that in a second
all right you haven't checked in uh just
for intended sake it's not for growing
the community today it's just so i know
that you're here uh liking and retweet
the tweet uh some folks don't know drake
lyrics
or a lot of other people's lyrics but no
new friends is just a joke we're talking
about no new friends tonight we didn't
want it to reach other folks they have
no idea what 100 devs is because we're
doing networking we don't want random
people just joining us they have no idea
what the heck's going on so tonight was
no new friends
thursday we'll get the we'll get the
friends coming back
this is the the last time i will mention
the study communities if you have not
filled out the form to join the study
community of your choice today is the
last day
we won't be adding any more folks to
study communities until maybe a little
bit further into program as we have the
ketchup crew and things like that but
for now today's your last day to get in
you can fill out this form right here
it's also in the following materials
channel on discord um if you're if
you're following along ever like if
you're not following along live like
you're on youtube
shout out youtube crew um first thing i
always say is make sure you're on our
discord leonewell.com discord it's
linked in the video description below
you can do exclamation point discord
here in chat to always get to that
discord quickly everything i ever share
in the slides is always almost always in
the following materials channel anyway
so
last day to join the study communities
we got a lot of great groups
a lot of kind of like affinity groups
and then also
good location-based groups that you can
all join and we just hope that these
study communities just create a little
bit smaller of a community for you to
belong to to work with each other uh you
all have your own private voice channels
a bunch of fun stuff
yeah if you already did the second form
you're good there's this is not like a
third form it's just it's the second
form yeah
yeah i feel like these groups are gonna
help me feel more connected that's
that's the goal that's what i hope for
that's what i hope for
alrighty submitting work
there's no work due tonight uh so don't
worry about submitting anything this
this evening or morning or wherever
you're coming from uh so no work to do
tonight
and the homework that was originally
scheduled for thursday we're gonna push
until tuesday
okay we're gonna push until tuesday so
all your layouts right all your layouts
are due tuesday i know you had to read
uh the flexbox work i know you had to do
flexbox froggy i'm just not asking for
proof that you did it you don't have to
turn in anything tonight to prove that
you did flexbox froggy i'm just assuming
that you did flexbox froggy uh so we can
touch on it later
yeah but
work that was supposed to do thursday
do next tuesday it gives us a whole
another weekend to get through it
thursday's class we're gonna get in
review and go through some of the
layouts together right so if you're if
you're if you're at that point now
thursdays we're going to talk a lot
about this
a lot of you are about to enter the
trough of sorrow
most of you are not yet in the trough of
sorrow you're you're going you're going
down the hill but you haven't hit the
bottom yet
so on thursday we're going to talk about
what it means to hit the bottom
and then we're going to spend a lot of
time breaking down the layouts together
so you're not starting uh by yourself
we're going to do a little bit of
pomodoro live like a live pomodoro work
session so you can get some some work in
ask tons of questions
um
and we're pushing the work until tuesday
and this is a a big thing about what i
think makes
100 devs different and one of the things
that i think is really important to me
as an educator and that's that i don't
have a rigid structure that i have to
stick to
right
if i feel like the community needs a
little bit more time on something guess
what we're going to take a little bit
more time on it if there are things that
i think people are really freaking out
about guess what we're going to spend
time on it one of the things that kept
coming up was leon i don't know how to
start networking i don't know how to
like introduce myself great we're going
to do that tonight you're going to do it
with friends you're going to do it with
the community that's here to support you
so if you're worried about networking
tonight you're going to do it in the
confines of 100 devs not to worry about
anybody else we all are beginners here
we all know that this may be our first
time networking so we're going to create
a a safer space for you to test this
stuff out right for you to flounder a
little bit and then to get it right by
the end of the night right so we're
taking tuesday all night tonight just to
network with each other to get those
jitters out to make sure we feel
comfortable so that next week we can
maybe start trying to do it for realsies
right and then thursday we're gonna
spend time going over the layouts it
seems like a lot of folks need a little
bit more time they need a little bit
more
a little bit more room to to to kind of
grasp what's going on and to see it live
a little one more time and so we're
gonna make sure we have that time to do
it
and then
we have the weekend and so you'll have
the weekend to get through it and yeah
and the beautiful thing is that if
you're like leon i already got it i'm
feeling good well guess what you got a
bunch of push work that you could be
doing um
between now and tuesday so you have the
ability to go deeper if you want to make
them write write your bad code first and
then write your bad write your bad code
and then write your baddie code right
like make sure that you can be pushing
yourself in this time and so i feel like
there's a there's room for everyone
right now and we're gonna make that room
for everyone always right
networking
i need at the time of demanding eight to
five job well hey i'm glad you got the
time you need
all right
was independence day assigned because
they networked with aliens no
that's good though i'm using that that's
mine now that's that's that's when
everybody asks me why are you assigning
it um that's what i'm gonna say
never been with a baddie oh that song is
just stuck in my head
cool already networking
we're going to take some time tonight
to get the gears to turn in
right to get the gear as a turning
we're going to practice our
introductions we're going to practice
the awkward i'm plopped into a virtual
networking what do i do right don't
switch on yourself that's why
independence day was decided exactly
um
we're gonna get the gears turned in
i i i don't want you unless you feel
comfortable to start this week with the
networking i want you to push networking
to next week
let's practice tonight
and let's say the folks that you meet
tonight count for this week
right so if tonight you meet somebody
that that that you like that that counts
as your three and then if there's
somebody that you feel like is a good
fit maybe a coffee chat right and so
tonight we're gonna we're gonna say this
week counts for a hundred devs right
next week we're gonna start trying to do
it for realsies and it won't be three
and two next week it'll be one and one
right the d will be one and one next
week and then we'll do two and two the
next week and then we'll do three into
the next week so we're going to keep
ramping up
and we're going to keep ramping up so
don't feel like you have to like this
week hit hit five right that that's not
what we're doing right that's not what
we're doing we're easing into it this
week
100 devs counts next week we're trying
to do one and one week after that two
and two then three and two right so
we're trying we're gonna we're gonna
keep it up right
and
the the networking right with 100 devs
is supposed to be this might be our
first time so i need everyone to give
each other grace tonight i need everyone
to
realize that some folks might be really
nervous around this idea and that's why
we're doing the spaces tonight
remember our goal when we're networking
is to turn strangers
into friends
right that's that's the only goal the
only thing you're shooting for
right the only thing you're shooting for
when you're trying to do this networking
and realize
that it's not always gonna work out
that's okay
it's okay
if your networking doesn't work out
right it's okay that you don't click
with every single person
right it's okay that it takes you a
while to find your people
right the beautiful thing about being
virtual is that it's easier to kind of
move around
right it's easier to move around
right
it's easier to to kind of pop in and out
of spaces
because before
you you had to be a little a little like
a little eager right if you go to a
conference and you're by yourself at a
conference you gotta there has to be
something in you that like pushes you to
like walk up to a group of people and
talk to them it's harder but with this
virtual networking it's a little bit
easier to kind of get the ball rolling
and so tonight that's what we're going
to do so tonight your only goal is to
turn maybe a stranger into an
acquaintance maybe you meet them you
figure out what their discord is you see
them kind of around right you're trying
to turn these people that we see in the
100 devs community from strangers into
acquaintances and this will not be our
only networking session right we're
going to use other platforms we're going
to do other things that i think are
really cool right that are really cool
to like meet each other and hang out and
interact with each other
so tonight don't put all that pressure
on you for this to be perfect tonight's
about practicing your introduction it's
about maybe making a few acquaintances
right a few people that maybe when you
see their their their their discord name
fly by on one of the channels you'd be
like ah i remember that person
right
now
i feel a lot of people
when they first start this idea of
networking
i'm going to give you a a way to
introduce yourself
that
i think works in a lot of certain and a
lot of scenarios but doesn't work in
every scenario it's gonna be the one
that we practiced tonight
but a lot about networking is sometimes
kind of like reading the room
right sometimes you'll be in a more
professional setting and sometimes
you'll be in a more laid-back setting
right and so if you're in a real
professional setting you might be a
little bit more formal in how you do
your introduction and if you're in a
laid-back setting it might be a little
bit different and so a lot of times
you gotta read the room
what type of event are you at are people
in like suits and ties like are people
passing out business cards or are they
eating pizza and drinking beer
right and if you're a person where
that's hard like reading the room is
hard trust me it gets better
right it does get better as you do it
more
but you can also pair up with a buddy
right sometimes folks
like to network in pairs so that way you
can both kind of read the room together
and so that's something that you might
want to keep in mind especially as we
get into the smaller study communities
it doesn't have to be
just you on your own type of endeavor
there are many ways to kind of use each
other to help read the room to figure
things out but what i'm going to do is
i'm going to share you the way that i
introduce myself the most
and we're going to talk about it because
i think for most people it feels a
little weird at first here it is
i say hi
all right and literally stay off by
saying hi
and then i start off by saying my name
is
all right so i say hi
my name is sugar slim shady no okay
sorry say my name is and then i say leon
i say hi
my name is leon i'm a software engineer
i help people build full stack web
applications i'm trying to learn how to
network better and uh it's really nice
to meet you all
right
i mean let me say that let me say this
again
now you don't you don't say leon
you say your name right so don't don't
say leon say your name this is an
example but you're gonna say your name
right so you're gonna have to practice
it with your name in there just in case
in case you didn't get that okay
you're not leon you well maybe you are
lee i don't know but you have to put
your name in there okay
so
i know it sounds silly
but this is something that i think some
people might struggle with and so i
really wanted to be clear with it so i
say hey my name is leon i'm a software
engineer i help people build full stack
web applications i'm trying to learn how
to network better uh nice to meet you
all
and the reason why i say it this way
is because i'm trying to break down like
five different things trying to make
sure people know my name
i'm trying to make sure people know
my title or like what what i do
right so i make sure they know my title
then i make sure they know what i do
and then why you are here right if
you're at a meet up i always try to tie
my greeting into like what the meetup is
about
somebody put a meetup idea in chat for
me put up put a meetup idea and and chat
for me
knitting
larping
bowling
dominoes
all right so we're going to go with
we're going to go with bowling dominoes
and knitting
hey my name is leon i'm a software
engineer helpful people build
build full stack web applications
i'm really interested in learning how to
knit
uh i have a lot of my clients that are
into knitting and so i'm just trying to
learn how to knit better uh nice to meet
you all
now in that scenario
what sounded weird what what sounded
weird
like what did what what what felt a
little
a little icky at first
the title felt icky there right like if
i'm at a knitting
meet-up
right i'm at a knitting meet-up and i
walk off to people hey my name's leon
i'm a software engineer i help people
build full stack web applications i'm
here to learn how to knit like that's a
little
that's a little weird right
but
if you're at any type of tech event
right if you're at any type of tech
event
it wouldn't feel exactly supposed to
disconnect it wouldn't feel disconnected
right so sometimes you have to read the
room and think about like what room am i
in who am i
um
who am i introducing myself to right but
if you're at a tech event this this type
of of of
introduction
is fine
right if you're at a knitting event or a
bowling event
right this exactly this context doesn't
really matter
right
but when you're in tech you want you
want to be able to meet other engineers
you want to meet other folks that might
be doing full stack web development
right and so that's important
information they give out there
and at first this type of pattern really
does feel icky like for some reason
people
don't
feel super comfortable
saying that they're a software engineer
and they help people build full stack
web applications right but you have to
like embrace
right you have to embrace your inner bob
vance
anybody know what i mean by that you
have to embrace your inner bob vance
yeah exactly uh so bob vance is a
character from the office the tv show
the office and no matter whoever bob and
no matter who
he ever meets throughout the show he
always introduces in the same way i'm
bob vance vance refrigeration i'm bob
vance vance refrigeration hi there i'm
bob vance vance refrigeration
right
you always know that he's bob vance of
vance refrigeration and it sounds silly
but
if you if you needed something to do
with refrigeration you would know to go
to bob vance from vance refrigeration
right like instantly you know and so it
can seem a little
out of place when you're just
introducing yourself to somebody in the
office but if you're at a tech event it
actually makes a lot of sense because
it's going to help you identify folks a
little bit quicker and it makes you
sound professional af it really does
make you sound professional right and so
hey i'm leon i'm a software engineer how
people build full stack web applications
um i'm here at this event i'm trying to
learn how to network better uh it's
really nice to meet you all right
and like that's that's how i would
introduce myself to a group of people
that's how i would introduce myself to
maybe like two or three people that are
that are eating pizza right it it it's a
little bit more formal it's a little bit
more professional
it might feel a little icky at first but
it gets easier the more you do it
right and it really does help people
know who you are what you do
and as long as you kind of tie back
into like why you're here
then it's fine okay
now sometimes if it's a really chill
event
i'll i'll drop off the the the what i do
and i'm gonna even drop off my title if
it's really like an informal event but
if i'm at a conference i'm at something
that's not recurring i'm going full full
intro
right full intro what if you're
currently a student doesn't matter
this doesn't matter what you currently
do
this has nothing to do with like
right
this works for every single person
that's listening right now
uh i don't i don't care what your job is
if you're a student uh this this is this
this works for you
and you got to start practicing it now
right
and then the beautiful thing is the more
you practice this the easier it gets
doesn't matter if you're unemployed this
works for everyone right
the easier you do this the more you do
this the easier it gets and you're gonna
find what works for you
right
networking is about what works for you
do i carry business cards no more i used
to
i don't anymore um just because i found
something that's comfortable for me and
business cards really aren't comfortable
for me anymore
i think if if i get to the point where
i'm giving you a business card i'd
rather just give you my email
um or my twitter or something like that
yeah but i have a lot of friends that
feel differently i have a lot of friends
that love business cars and they still
carry them they still give them out it's
about finding what's comfortable for you
but i want you all to try this tonight
right i want you to try this tonight
should we go to conventions in a suit
and tie not engineering conventions no i
think you might be very overdressed
but it depends you can always ask
business casual at least right if you if
you're feeling kind of one way but a lot
of tech conferences you're going to see
people in shorts and t-shirts all day
long
yeah
people will think you're a recruiter
exactly
so
although that i want you to practice
this tonight
i want you to maybe find something
tonight that feels good for you too
right i want you to want to find
something that feels good for you too
right
practice the formal one because i feel
like a lot of people maybe haven't had
that experience where they're more
formal in networking so i want you to
practice that tonight i want you to do
this a couple of rounds we're practicing
the more formal one and then maybe as
the night goes on you're getting a bit
more relaxed try and maybe shorten this
or add to it and find what works for you
and what makes you feel comfortable as
you're introducing yourself
but when you do the more formal one it
can feel ickier at first but trust me it
works it's how a lot of more senior
engineers are going to introduce
themselves like engineering managers uh
vps things like that so get used to that
kind of language right
and um it'll get easier at times
do you wear pants or shorts during
online meetups uh
i mean that that's that's a that's a
that's a binary choice there i i mean
there are other options
other options there
and for a million channel points you
could see the other options as well
exactly only a million channel points
and the other options unlock themselves
for you
um
there's like a secondary
that's too far
because there's like another camera that
only the only advanced people get so
yeah
all right
remember even the folks that you meet
tonight follow up right practice your
follow-up
uh practice your email practice that
saying hey it was nice to meet you
um practice the
the providing value right for even the
people tonight like if you find that
there's somebody that you that you
connect with uh practice your follow-up
too
right
uh and if there's somebody that you
think might be an interesting follow-up
and you want to practice a coffee chat
ask them to uh to a coffee chat as well
right and so the idea here is tonight we
just want to get some practice in we
want to start with practicing our formal
introduction we want to practice uh kind
of just getting to know each other being
in an environment where we get to meet
other folks from 100 devs and then
practice your follow-up with a few folks
as well right we're going to take
tonight easy it's going to be for us to
kind of maybe for the first time in a
while like talk to other human beings
specifically in a digital space right
but it shouldn't cause you too much
stress
um
we're all here doing this for the very
first time
for a lot of us for the first time this
this is a space where it's only 100 devs
folks there's nobody else that's going
to be here it's just folks from 100 devs
and so i need everyone right now
to agree to a few things
one of those things is to use the sheet
right if you meet folks that are that
you're that are interesting right use
the sheet
i need everyone to commit right now
to only showing up tonight to this
networking space
if you are gonna give room for folks
that don't feel comfortable doing this
if you are already some elite networker
that feels like they're light years
ahead don't show up tonight
right go do something else right i want
i want folks that are new to this to
know that this space is for them i want
folks that have anxiety or i don't feel
comfortable networking to know that this
space is centering them above anybody
else so if you come to this event and
you're you're all firing on all
cylinders and you're not giving people
space and time to
to practice and to maybe try introducing
themselves a couple times in a row the
space is not this is not for you okay
this is for everyone that needs some
time to practice that wants to meet some
other folks from from 100 devs and we're
going to do it in an environment that
supports them
please don't be an [__] tonight
i am fast and loose with the band hammer
i i will i will ban you as quick as i
possibly can
if you do
certain things tonight
if tonight
you don't give space for beginners you
don't respect that folks might be brand
new to networking bam
if you're a creep
ban nobody wants to date you bam right
like if be a normal rational human being
give people grace
right
give people room
to experiment to figure out what works
for them and doesn't work for them
right
don't be a creep
if i even get a like a like a like a
like a like a like somebody farted three
rooms over and i can just like the very
very faint smell ban
right
uh people are gonna snitch on you
and i'm gonna ban you and i'm gonna feel
really good about it
because for some reason when the cameras
come on and the mics come on people lose
their minds and they can't be decent
human beings so tonight be a decent
human being or it's a ban you have no
place in this community nobody is
interested
in you becoming their best friend
nobody's interested in you dating them
no one's interesting in anything
romantic endeavor tonight
don't be that person if you are that
person let me know right now so i can i
can ban you
right
don't meet someone and then for the next
two weeks be every single tweet they do
like follow them around that's
harassment we're going to ban you
like i shouldn't have to say this but
but i have to say it right
so please tonight's about people
practicing about people networking
if you can't be a decent human being if
you can't realize that people are here
to network not because they like you but
because they want to practice networking
leave you have no part in this community
and
differences i will find you and then i
will ban you exactly
um tonight
you don't have to use a webcam but it is
preferable
uh you do need at least a mic right so
if you don't have a mic or a webcam
tonight's not the night
we'll have other nights where you can do
text-based networking right you can do
text-based networking tonight
it's mics and cams
it will work on your phone too it's a
little bit a little bit harder to make
it work
but it is it is mics and cams tonight if
you don't have a camera that's okay at
least just try the mic
if you don't have access to a micro
camera that's okay we'll have text-based
networking another night later on um but
for now
uh anything where you can talk into it a
headset microphone anything like that
works
most laptops have it built in
all right
and we're gonna practice uh when you
meet people practice using this sheet
pretend that this is a real networking
event where you're where you are
where you are introducing yourself to
strangers with the idea of becoming
acquaintances or friends right you're
practicing your introductions you're
practicing your follow-ups and you're
practicing using the sheet
right so that's what tonight's for uh
the first couple of rounds that we're
going to do
on remo so we're gonna be using a
platform called remo right
the sheet for folks that don't remember
just in case is where you track your
networking if you're new here we track
our networking in the sheet you can
click the link in the slides you can do
exclamation point sheet here in chat
it's that google sheet that you see in
chat right now
we're using remo
and remo has been good to us in the past
but we're about to have thousands of
people on the platform
we might try this and everything goes to
hell
right
we might try it
and everything goes to hell
uh and in that case like if everything
goes to hell
right and remo just doesn't work uh
remember
uh you now have extra time to be a
baddie and write bad code
right so we're gonna we're gonna hope
that remo works
right
uh we're gonna give it our the good old
100 devs try
uh we're broken up into six different um
into six different
versions of remo but if for some reason
it crashes it's not working i'll put an
announcement on discord saying hey we
gave the whole the old 100 devs try and
then you're to take the extra time
tonight to be a baddie and write bad
code
okay
so that that's what happens if for some
reason remo doesn't work that's what
you're going to do
all right remo is a very interesting
platform
the way it works
right the way it works is that there are
tables
it's kind of like club penguin for
adults
there are tables
and when you click at the table
it puts you into a
video chat space with everyone at that
table
right so when you click on a table like
you can see you can see that i'm like in
this table in table one
if you were to join my table everyone at
that table can turn on their cams and
mics and everyone can see each other in
that table
okay
there are
let's see hundreds of people in each of
the rooms so far it actually spread out
pretty evenly um
thank you for like
not just all trying to get into the
first one because it the actual there's
that actually there's um
there's one that's actually bigger than
the first one which is pretty cool to
see uh so the the idea here is that
your tables are limited to six you can
sit down on the table
you can see people's uh cams and mics
you have to turn on your camera mic when
you're at the table uh it is a it is a
buggy platform
give yourself some time to try and
figure it out
um if you you sometimes have to like
turn on your camera mic their buttons
turn on your camera mic
it might be a little weird while you're
trying to figure it out but you'll
figure it out um just kind of play
around with it until you do but the idea
is that you'll be at a table with five
other people
and then you'll be able to turn on your
cams and mics
when you do that you're going to
practice your introductions uh you
should do two rounds of introductions
right hi my name is leon i'm a software
engineer
right i help people build full stack web
applications
i'm here because i'm trying to learn how
network better uh nice to meet you all
right
and so you're gonna try practicing that
and everyone at the table is gonna try
practicing that twice
right by practicing that twice
after everyone gets their two practice
rounds in i've given some kind of simple
like fun starter questions on discord
right
some fun practice questions on just like
fun to get the conversation going
questions on discord start with those
questions get everyone answering talking
make some friends get to know each other
right
and then
after about 20 minutes or so you're
gonna see me pop on i'm gonna go live
and i'm gonna shuffle you all and so
you're all gonna be shuffled onto a new
table and then you're gonna do it again
and then i'm gonna move to another group
i'm gonna shuffle the tables again and
we're just gonna keep this table
shuffling for a while
all right so um we'll we'll take a break
at the top of each hour
right we'll take a break at the top of
each hour just like we do normally
during class how to make sure we're
staying healthy hydrated things like
that and then we're just going to get
that practice in so your first round
might be really weird might be really
awkward that's okay you're going to get
a bunch of these rounds in we're going
to keep shuffling tables and you're
going to get better at it and better at
it and better at it it's going to get
easier and easier and easier right
and so this is tonight the practice
okay
now if for some reason no raid tonight
so we're gonna jump right into the
platforms uh for some reason it all goes
to hell
remo hates us uh it all burns down to
the ground uh i'll send out a message
hey it didn't work out tonight uh extra
time to be a baddie and write bad code
work on your work on your
um
work on your layouts and on thursday
we'll have more time to do more layouts
together also remember your homework is
to work on those layouts layouts that we
covered in class right the layouts that
were extra in that homework right are we
all saying we're software developers yes
because we're all here to be software
engineers right we're all software
engineers we all build full stack web
applications
you could probably practice exactly my
script and i think that'd be a good idea
but if you're shooting for something
else or something else that feels better
to you go for it but i think that's a
pretty good place to start
cool
questions before we before we start the
the networking tonight we got questions
you can codes good
is mayonnaise an instrument if you know
what you're doing
i might throw up is that okay absolutely
go throw up first and then come join us
i can't interact the sheet because you
have to make a copy of it um you can't
interact with you have to make a copy of
it
come back for a rate i need shadow
points yeah no rate tonight because
we're going to jump right into the um to
the the events
uh and the events will go until class
time is over so we're gonna go the full
three hours
will airpods work for mike they should
yeah
they're gonna give linkedin tips
eventually yeah
yeah there's too many people on that
main sheet if you haven't downloaded it
before give it some time wait until
folks are in remo
and then try coming back to the sheet
again
it's not broken it's just too many of
you all trying to download it
but it's the same one that we've we've
covered like four or five times in class
now so
i don't want to make sure i just make
sure you know it's like not a different
one yeah
khan yeah you could
do i have to network for three hours yes
yeah i think i might have to begin each
of the events so you probably can't jump
right in uh you might be like in the
lobby waiting in the event because we
haven't started yet
well i'd be networking too absolutely
we have the hourly break in between
networking yes we'll do the break at the
top of the hour
are we coming back here after class no
we'll end on remo
can't wait to make folks i'm so excited
me too yeah
should we be introducing ourselves as
software engineers or our current jobs
as a software engineer
we join late you can
if you're here now join us
i drink for tea for coffee chat
absolutely
yup two rounds of intros through the
icebreakers and then if you have more
time whatever you want to talk about
it's up to you
if your table doesn't want to do the
iceberg because that's okay
we do this again yeah we're going to do
this again we're going to use a bunch of
different platforms so this one doesn't
work we'll buy another one too
oh
yeah there's some quirks to remo
there's some quirks remo so if it like i
said if it doesn't work for you this
evening that's okay
um go ahead and and work on your layouts
yeah uh people are saying linux doesn't
is not supported yeah it might not
support linux you might try your phone
though if you have a phone
we joined mike only yep
yeah i already said we're gonna do a
break like we always normally do
cool
all right folks
we are going to i'm going to end the
stream
uh try and go to your uh location the
one you signed up for on remo
and
uh all the links to the different remote
slots are as always in the following
materials channel
right
cool
all right i'm gonna end the stream uh no
raid we're gonna jump right into remo
and try getting this working uh good
luck godspeed remember manage your
frustration this platform is finicky try
and figure it out if you can't figure it
out for some reason you can't get in or
something like that um go ahead and work
on your layouts for the rest of the
evening but i hope to see a bunch of you
on remo uh let's have some fun remember
six different ones so i have to jump to
six different ones to let folks in so go
wait until in the lobby for me to get
started and we're gonna start very soon
so i'll see you all on remo good luck
have fun remember give yourself and
other people grace i don't want to have
to ban you
all right folks have a wonderful rest of
your night hopefully see you very soon
like literally maybe i'll actually
literally see you that'd be cool alright
peace